Eternal Twilight is a game in which the player has to get out of a dark enchanted castle. There are many obstacles in his way, but our hero is able to get through them.

Prehistory:

Aigok is a fairly small town owned by Baron Hilmir, there is only one village of Posiki near the city, in which a rather friendly and cheerful people live. Everything would have been fine, but one hard and terrible day Hilmir died. There was a rumor in the city that the baron had gone mad, that he had sold his soul to the devil in order to become immortal, but these were just rumors. For in fact, someone unknown killed the baron and took his place, and so that no one would know what happened to Hilmir, he hired guards who would not let anyone into the castle. People can only guess what is really going on in their city.

Cattle began to disappear in the village of Posiki. No one knows where or how he disappears. At first, the residents of the city thought that the cattle were leaving because they began to lack food, but later everything became clear. Someone or something is attacking animals. At night, the screams and screams of animals began to be heard. The cattle began to empty, but there were no signs of attacks. Soon the villagers began to disappear. People panicked, hunters stopped coming from the wagons, workers did not return home, children have not been home for a long time. The village head gave the order not to leave the house, and those who did will be fined, for a while everything calmed down, but a few weeks later people began to disappear straight from their homes.

The news of the "dishonesty" spread throughout the valley, and a certain adventurer named Lyne was most interested in it. Lyne is a simple peasant adventurer living in the village of Nesiki, located in the south and fifty kilometers from the city of Aigok. After a five-day cart ride, Line was still able to reach the village of Posiki. He questioned all the peasants, but did not find an exact answer. And our hero had to go to the city in order to find out everything in more detail.

Approaching the city, Lyne did not see the guards at the gate, he did not give it much importance. The traveler went to the baron's castle to understand what was happening, but as soon as he entered it, the door slammed shut and the way back was closed. Will Lyne be able to find a way out?
